Martinfernandezcx/perf testing (#94)
cloudx-labs/posts: posts/martinfernandezcx/performance-testing.md

---
title: 'Performance Testing: Why, When, and What'
published: true

> description: When you have an application, regardless of whether it's in production or not, there comes a point when you need to perform performance testing. Let's review that in detail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: When you have an application, regardless of whether it is in production or not, there comes a point when you need to perform performance testing. Lets review that in detail.
```
